Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
They bark because they're afraid.
Not just dogs. every animal is afraid.
Even our ancestors. a
long time ago. feared the eclipse.
They thought the disappearance of
the Sun meant the end of the world.
What's wrong. dear?
- You forgot.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
You see?
I lose my head when I'm with you.
- Should I call for a cab?
- No. thanks. Carlo.
Stay calm. stay calm!
My God...
What the hell happened?!
I'll call the police!
Homicides. chief inspector Aleardi.
- Was she a client of the hotel?
- No. just passing by.
Actually. she went into
the room of one of our clients.
An escort.
And the client that was with
her is still in his room?
- Yes.
- Good.
Bring him downstairs.
we need to speak to him.
Did you notice anything that would
justify such a horrible murder?
Inspector...
I might...
I might've seen...
A van. speeding out
of the parking lot.
They were going so fast that...
They crashed into a parked car...
Did you see who was driving?
No. it was dark.
Maybe we'll get more
out of the surveillance cameras.
Of course.
You can't tell with a naked eye
but they surely left
some paint behind.
Bring over the forensic crew.
and let's see what the lab will find.
Meanwhile. this car is impounded
while we run the investigation.
Diana. you won't take off the glasses?
No baby. my eyes got
hurt looking at the eclipse.
Did you see it?
Yes. but I had protection.
Neither the sun nor death
can be looked at steadily.
Some French writer said that.
but I can't remember his name.
Come on. take them off.
Don't worry about that. I can still
find your big swinger.
You know. you're expensive.
But it's worth it.
You deserve it.
- Thanks. honey.
- Diana. you're amazing.
Strong. independent...
I might fall in love with you.
Don't. otherwise. you
wouldn't have fun anymore. right?
You like me the way
I am. your own personal Diana.
Thanks.
Whenever you want.
you know where to find me...
- Can you go back?
- Yes.
Damn it. the image is out of focus.
Can't see a thing. the man entering
the van looks like a ghost.
Unfortunately. it's all we have.
Yes. but now we now the
suspected killer has a black van.
That's not all.
look at the license plate.
Let's check. it's probably stolen.
Let's do that. you never know.
Is that you. Diana?
- Yes.
- I'm the one from the chat.
Matteo...
Please. come inside.
What is that smell?
You stink!
I got sweaty. just got
done working with dogs.
Fine. honey. but first take
a shower. OK?
Otherwise. we won't be
doing anything. Clear? OK?
Well?
What did you do all this time?
I stank. huh?
Goodbye. whore.
Let me look at you.
- I bet you're willing to do anything...
- No.
What if I wanted...
- ''The F and F.''
- Ah. I'm sorry. no.
- I don't do that.
- Wait...
- Look...
- No. I know what fisting is.
but I don't do those
disgusting things. OK?
I'm sorry. but what's the problem?
Eh? I'll give you pleasure.
Listen. I don't want orgasms.
specially from you. OK?
Listen then. forgive me...
I'll give you a pretty penny...
It's not about the money.
it's about me not doing
those disgusting things!
I'll handle it. then.
What the fuck did you do?!
Stupid whore!
Asshole. go fuck yourself!
Fuck me!
Who the fuck are you?!
Go away!
- The kid!
- Let's take him out!
Call an ambulance!
Diana.
How do you feel?
I don't know. everything's dark.
I can't see. as if it was nighttime.
Do you remember the accident?
Vaguely.
Now. listen to me carefully.
Even if the prognosis
is not definitive yet.
you experienced a very violent
impact to your neck
which caused a hemorrhage.
In correspondence
to the visual cortex.
the one we call
''Brodmann area.''
This is the reason why can't see.
What does it mean?
- I won't see ever again?
- You must be strong.
Even when the hemorrhage is
completely reabsorbed
the chances of getting
your sight back are...
Very scarce. unfortunately.
The important thing is that you are
conscious. and the fact you're alive...
It's a miracle...
You'll have the time to
give us clearer answers.
In a few days
you will be able to leave.
I'll see you later.
Did you see the man that attacked you?
No. he had a hood on.
Regardless. it was at
night. everything was dark.
Miss. please try harder.
we're not against you.
What do you remember?
I can't remember...
You said you were chased by car.
Not a car. a white van.
- White?
- Yes.
- Are you sure?
He might've repainted it.
it could be a clue.
Or he painted it myself.
Back to square one.
And do you have any idea
why he was coming for you?
I don't know.
Maybe he thought I was someone else.
Maybe...
Because of your profession.
shall we say?
Excuse me. what are you implying?
No. I mean...
We. the police know everything. miss.
You're the fourth one.
There were three other
victims before yourself.
All prostitutes.
And what happened to
the people in the other car?
They were three.
A Chinese family.
The father died instantly
and the mother is in a coma.
The only survivor is the son.
Ten years old who is
currently in a shelter.
Punishment of God...
I heard you.
Where are you...
Fuck... Get out!
- Get out of my house!
- I can't leave you alone in this state!
I'll get by on my own.
as I always have.
Go. go away!
Mother of God. I will pray for you.
Pray. pray...
It's useless. God doesn't have
time for someone like me...
Who is it?
I'm Rita. the instructor.
I was sent by the Union of the
Blind and the Visually Impaired.
Hello. can I?
Please.
My pleasure.
Grab my arm here.
above the elbow. I'll guide you.
- In here?
- Yes.
- Where can we sit?
- Let's go outside.
Come.
As I told you on the phone.
you can count on me now.
Us mobility and orientation
instructors are used to working
with people who have
the same problem as you do.
Together. we will start a lifestyle
to adapt to your new condition.
You'll see that rehabilitation
will render you independent.
And how long will it take?
That is quite subjective.
It depends on your commitment.
on your will.
Diana. before the accident.
were you organized?
Excuse me. but why does that matter?
Well. now you have to
become even more organized.
Inside the house
you can do everything.
all you need are reference points
to move around in an environment.
Can you tell me where the entrance is?
Good. that's a good start.
I have brought you some aids
that will be indispensable to you.
For example. here.
This is your white cane.
With this you will learn how to
move in and out of the house.
And I also brought you a cell phone
that has accessibility for the blind.
Once activated with your voice you can
send text messages or make phone calls.
And moving your finger across the screen
will tell you what you are touching.
If someone calls you. it
will announce their name.
OK. thank you.
Do you hear the traffic?
You have to use it as guide.
to understand where you have to walk.
That's where the sidewalk ends.
Good job. use the traffic.
You will see that your sense of
direction will improve over time.
Give me your hand.
Down here there's a button.
If you press it. after a few seconds.
it changes from red to green.
A beep will tell you how
much time you have to cross.
Shall we?
Come on. push.
- Can I go?
- Yes. go.
Very good.
Can you hear that traffic has stopped?
Listen to the signal.
it's going faster now.
But don't rush. you
must be careful anyway.
Good.
Rita. how is the sky?
The day is cloudy.
We can finally breathe a little.
And what do you see?
There is a bearded
gentleman walking a dog.
A girl running with headphones on.
A white van parked.
- ...What?
- A white van parked.
And who is inside?
- A man. it seems to me.
- A man. but...
But. do you see his face?
- No. I can't see behind the window.
- But. can you see the face?
It's already leaving. maybe
they were just loading something.
- No. Rita. let's go...
- What's going on. Diana? What is it?
It could be the maniac.
the one from the accident.
Let's go. please...
Honey. you can't
live like this. in terror.
I know exactly what you need.
Her name is Nerea. they told
me that she is very protective.
She jumped on the trainer.
This type of guide you'll
always have to keep it on the left.
And the leash on the right
with a steady hand.
close to the body.
- Easy...
- Like that.
You will get to know each other.
and you will grow fond of each other.
Always feed her yourself.
OK? Only you.
- And caress her often.
- Well done. Nerea.
- Good.
- Come on. caress her.
You're in good hands. Diana.
Chin!
I brought it for you. you can keep it.
I know. you don't know me. I...
I was in the car that
crashed into yours that night.
But it wasn't my fault.
I was affected too.
a car hit me and...
In fact... I can't see anymore.
I've gone blind.
Do you understand my language?
He understands. he understands...
But has a difficult temper.
He doesn't fraternize.
he refuses to eat.
He makes us despair.
Poor thing. after all
he's been through...
Anyway. he was put on the
transfer list by the tutelary judge.
He will be entrusted to a family...
I don't want to go there!
And I don't want this anymore.
- Go away. it's all your fault.
- Please. don't say that.
What did I tell you?
Come on. let's go now.
Let's hope the mother gets better.
So she doesn't have to...
Look. sister. this here
is my business card.
This is my number. my address.
and please call me for anything.
keep me updated.
- Certainly.
- Thanks you.
It's mine!
Fuck off!
You threw it away.
It's mine. give it back!
No. mo attack you...
(MOCKING) The plesent is ouls.
light. evelyone?
Yes. it's ours!
No!
It's mine. give it back to me!
Enough! Stop!
Give it back now. or I'll smash
your head with my cane. clear?
Understand?
Good girl. let's go Nerea.
- Thanks.
- Bye. Chin.
Thanks. Who are you?
It's me...
Chin. how did you find me?
Your business card.
You stole it from the nun?
Don't send me away. please...
You're blind. I could help you...
I prefer to wait for my mom with you.
It's okay. don't worry.
Diana. Nerea is licking my hand.
Yes. I would like to
speak to the director.
Look. it's urgent...
It's important. it's about the
Chinese kid who ran away.
Excuse me. get me
the director right away.
Chin. is that you?
Chin?
Is everything OK?
- Yeah. I was calling for...
- No!
Hang up the phone.
otherwise I'll kill myself.
I have a knife in my throat
otherwise I'll do it. I'll kill myself!
Did you want to kill
yourself with a pen?
You know how to tell a good lie. huh?
I don't want to go back there.
Dummy... You scared me.
Okay. Chin. come on...
Now let's relax. and go to bed.
Diana!
We need money...
I have to pay the
rent. do the shopping...
I have to start working again.
Who knows if now
that I've gone blind...
- What work do you do?
- Who do you want to call? Pardi.
Public relations.
psychology sessions...
Things like that.
Call to Pardi in progress.
Isn't it weird for you
now that I've gone blind?
Matter of fact. I'm excited to
know that you can't see me.
Because I've always considered
myself ugly. A monster.
No. monster whoever did this to me.
Five hundred. I'll leave
them on the nightstand.
They are all there. trust me.
I know you are a gentleman.
I see that you are
organized. even got a dog.
She is my guardian angel.
Right. Nerea?
You did good.
Bye...
See you soon. OK?
Diana. for your work. do
you know what you need?
- What work?
- What you do...
The public... psycho...
I don't know how to say it.
But. when I was with
my grandmother in Hong Kong.
my cousin also did this.
And she had a lot of money.
And a gun.
You are a very
intelligent child. Chin.
But I can't see. how would I shoot?
I see. Thank you.
What did the doctor say?
How is mom doing?
Mom is...
He didn't give me any updates...
She's still recovering.
We have to wait.
Who is that?
I'm not expecting anyone.
Hello. Inspector Gemma Bajani.
We are looking for a boy. he
is Chinese. and his name is Chin.
We think he may have come here.
Let us in. please.
I'm in a special situation.
I recently lost my sight...
But look. it's only a moment.
There are no Chinese boys
in here. go away!
Look. you went to visit
this boy at the institution.
And the director got
a call in the middle of
the night from a woman
who mentioned the boy.
It wasn't me...
The abduction of a minor is a crime that
leads to imprisonment. did you know?
Yes. imagine what prison
can be for someone like you.
Sorry. I don't understand.
is this an intimidation?
I don't understand what
you want from me.
So. it wasn't you who called to speak
- with the director of the institute?
- No! I said no.
Smart! Nerea!
Nerea. come here!
Be nice!
Be nice.
What the fuck were you thinking?
You took advantage of me and
my condition. you two are scumbags.
Shame on you. I've had enough.
Look. we're leaving. OK?
But if by any chance you reach the boy
or if you remember something.
look for me. please.
Here. take this.
This is my number.
I will. however. warn you that we will
be back with a warrant tonight.
Do you realize what you've done?
- You knew she was blind. are you mad?
- Okay. I get it. that's enough.
- Yes. always the usual...
- At least I tried.
- Chin. where are you?
- I'm here.
The policewoman left you
her card. will you call her back?
No...
Look. Chin. you can't stay here.
They'll come back. understand?
They'll send you to a foster home
and I'll get into serious trouble.
Listen. do you have a place to stay?
At my house!
- Who's in your house?
- Nobody.
Nobody's perfect.
We're almost there. come on.
I would've liked to come with Nerea...
Don't worry about her.
we'll see her again tomorrow.
It was easier to come without her.
- We're here.
- Here? - Yes.
You don't have the keys?
- Is it glass?
- Yes. it's glass.
Shit. she's not picking up.
Maybe she went out...
- Or she is hiding inside.
- Hiding?
It's all dark inside.
Jerry. that doesn't mean
anything. she was here. right?
Or maybe it's all a scene.
So. what should we do?
I'll call Aleardi.
Aleardi. it's me.
We're at the girl's place with
Jerry. but she's not there.
What should we do?
Bajani...
It's a white van.
- Yes. yes. I'll stay here...
- It's the one we're looking for!
Jerry!
No...
This gentleman saw a van escape.
Did you see what model it was?
I wouldn't know. it was white.
- And you didn't see anything else?
- No. I'm sorry.
Thank you. you can go.
And now?
Where did the girl and
the Chinese boy go?
Let's check the boy's home.
Diana. the police are
here. we need to escape.
Quickly. come on. let's go.
Come on. come on!
Yes. but don't run that fast!
Out! Get out of here!
Out!
Chin. the glasses. where are they?
- I don't see them...
- Come on.
- Where are we?
- I do not know...
Are you OK?
There is an exit. we are safe!
Thank God. Chin! Hurry.
Terminal.
- Where are we?
- I do not know.
Wait...
There's a street vendor.
- Where is it?
- There.
- Come on. I'll buy a new pair.
- OK.
Let's hurry up.
- Where is it. far away?
- It's near.
We have arrived.
- Here?
- Yes.
Can you get a pair of nice.
dark glasses for me?
Sure.
These.
- How do they look?
- Good.
OK. Then. we'll buy them.
It's 25 euros.
- Come on. Chin.
- Let's go.
- The telephone is operational.
- Who are you calling?
Say the name of the
person you want to call.
Ma'am. did I understand correctly?
After the Casalinda farmhouse.
two kilometers on the right?
Yes. that's right.
Thanks.
Come on. Chin.
We have arrived.
- Good evening.
- Evening.
Hey! Welcome.
Here I am.
- Hello.
- Take my arm.
- Hi. Chin!
- Hello.
- How are you?
- Good.
Thanks. Rita. you're a good friend.
I knew I could count on you.
- Thank you...
- But. where's the dog
The dog stayed at home.
- So. you don't know anything.
- No...
Why? What's happened?
No. nothing. Don't worry.
Let's go home.
come on. it's right here.
Did you know I grew up here?
I lived with my father. alone.
Chin. let's go to
sleep. take some rest.
I'll prepare you some milk.
- Have nice dreams. OK?
- Yes.
Bye.
- What were you telling me?
- Nothing.
Come. grab my arm.
let's go over there.
I couldn't speak before.
I didn't want to scare the boy.
Come on. talk.
A few hours ago. in Rome.
they killed two policemen.
in front of your house.
- In front of my house?
- Yeah. He did it.
Witnesses saw it.
They saw a white van drive
away. they said it on the news.
Diana. you need to call
the police. Understood?
Only the police can protect you.
You must do it for the child.
especially for the child!
- I don't feel like it.
- Why not?
Because...
If I turn him over to the police...
They'll put him in adoption.
or worse. in a foster home.
I can't do this to him
after what happened.
It was my fault. understand?
I cannot...
Diana. you must. specially
because of what happened.
You're putting him in danger.
Diana!
Call the police. please.
- It wasn't your fault.
- Yes.
No! It was this lunatic!
Is that you?
Is... Inspector Bajani.
I am a colleague but you can
tell me. I'm listening to you...
I am Chin. the child
you were looking for.
I'm with Diana. the blind girl.
And where are you exactly?
In Formello. a small house
after Casalinda.
Two kilometers to the right.
Come. please. come.
Does the girl with you
know that you're calling?
No...
Good. Don't tell her.
Bajani and I will come
immediately to pick you up.
- OK.
- Don't move.
I have been reborn.
Reborn...
Well? Come on. I'll help you.
Did you think about it?
- Are you calling the police?
- Yes.
But I want to talk to
Chin first. understand?
I don't want to do
this behind his back.
You'll see. he will understand.
I don't know if he will...
Hello?
Who is it?
But. when did this happen?
Okay. yes. yes. I'll be
right there. five minutes.
- Who was it?
- A gentleman I work for.
He lives nearby. he fell
and got hurt. he is alone.
I have to go help him.
I'll be right back. okay?
Here's your cane.
- Will you come back?
- Yes!
I will be right back.
- Hello?
- He's coming!
- Run away!
- Oh God. Chin!
I'm here. I'm here!
Chin. hurry up. take
your jacket. we have to escape!
The shoes!
Hurry up!
Wait. Chin! Wait up...
- What do you see over there?
- The street.
- There? What's over there?
- The forest. we can go in there.
Let's go!
But how will we do it?
- There is a path!
- In the forest? - Yes.
Help! Help!
Help!
Help.
Did you hear that too?
- Yes. hurry!
- Wait!
Wait...
- What is it?
- The cellphone.
Fuck... The cellphone.
- I left it at home.
- It doesn't matter.
- I forgot it at home.
- It's okay. let's go!
Wait. please...
Let's catch our breath.
Wait... Please.
Diana... Hold still...
Why?
There is a body.
Chin...
Chin!
Chin. what's going on?
It's Rita!
- Where is it?!
- On the ground. she's not moving!
What?!
Chin. come help me. Chin!
Where are you?
Rita!
Rita...
Mom. I want my mom!
Chin...
Come. I have to tell you something...
What?
Chin. your mother...
Your mother is dead...
No.
That's not true. it's a lie!
I don't believe it. you are mean.
Mom is not dead.
Chin. the doctor told me.
when I called the hospital.
I'm sorry. I should have
told you earlier. I'm sorry...
However...
You have to think about this...
Like a bad dream. understand?
That when you wake up. you
understand that it is not real...
That it doesn't exist...
Come here.
Calm down. I'm here with you.
I see water!
Let's go. come on.
So he loses our tracks.
Diana. there's tall-grass over there.
Is it a lot?
I mean. are they dense?
- Yeah.
- Then let's go over there. let's hide.
- There's something!
- What?
What is that?!
It's a snake!
Snakes!
Snakes in the water!
My arm! My arm!
It's a snake den!
They bit me too!
I got it!
Diana!
Let's get out of here!
Let's run! We have to hide.
- Guide me... Guide me.
- Come!
Come!
I see a light.
- It's a car.
- There's a road!
- Chin. let's go out there.
- Let's go
- If you see a white van. tell me.
- OK. yes.
I hear a noise. Chin.
Headlights... It's a car!
- Is it a white van?
- No!
- What color is it?
- Dark.
Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Are you are crazy?!
We were about to run you over.
Please help us. I am blind.
And there's a lunatic here...
He is chasing us...
- Where? What happened?
- We're running away.
- Help us. please.
- You're all wet.
I have blankets inside.
We can take you up to the village.
Don't be afraid.
- Thank you...
- Let's go to the carabinieri.
In the car I have a
thermos with coffee.
- It's hot. do you want some?
- Yes. thank you.
There's the white van!
There's a shotgun on the ground...
Give it to me.
Here. over here. like this.
Get it right. Here?
What the fuck do you want?
What do you want from me?!
- Did I get him?
- No! You didn't get him.
Where? Aim it right.
- Did I get him?
- No! You didn't get him.
Fuck you... Fuck you!
Do you hear the river?
I'm going to see where it leads.
Chin?
Chin.
Chin. answer me.
Chin. where are you?
Chin. where are you?!
Where are you?
Help!
Help! Help!
Is anyone there?
Chin?
Is anybody there?
Is anyone in here?!
Who is it? Who is there?!
- Who is there?!
- It's Chin.
Chin...
Yes. it's me.
Diana! I was afraid
I couldn't find you.
Where have you been?!
- Where have you been?
- I fell down. looking for the river.
Are you hurt?
A little.
Chin... Where are we?
There are some strange machines.
I do not know...
Chin. what do you see?
There is something written on the wall.
- ''Dam system.''
- It must be the guardian's house.
- I hear footsteps.
- I hear them too.
Is it the guardian?
Why do you say that?
Do you see him?
Why isn't he talking?
Why isn't he talking?!
I don't know...
I know this smell...
I recognize him.
You are Matteo. the dog breeder!
Escape! Run away. Chin!
Well done. Diana. it's
me. the one that stinks.
Leave me. Leave me!
Leave me! Go away.
Help.
You're crazy! Psychopath.
you are crazy!
What do you want from me?
What do you want?
Let the boy go!
- I'm afraid. what does he want from us?
- Chin. I'm sorry. it's my fault...
It's my fault. Chin. sorry...
Sorry. Chin...
Well? How was the trip?
You are far from civilization.
There is no point in yelling...
What did I do to you?!
What did I do to you?
Fucking bitch.
You wanted to humiliate me that day.
I stank. huh?
Now you'll take the shower!
Crazy! You are crazy!
Don't say that.
Bitch!
Help!
Help us!
Leave me!
Enough! Help us!
It's Nerea!
- Chin. really?
- Yes. it's Nerea!
Stay! Nerea. stay.
I got her from your house.
These trained dogs
are worth a lot of money.
Nerea! Come here!
Stay! Good dog.
See how dogs work?
You'll do the same. now.
And then I'll kill you.
Nerea!
- Good...
- Nerea. attack!
Shut up!
- You whore!
- Tear him up!
- Sit!
- Attack Nerea!
Kill him! Kill him!
Now. Nerea! Attack!
Attack!
Don't look. Chin...
It's awful...
She is saving us...
We are safe.
Stop here.
Can you open it. please?
What a disgusting criminal.
But torn apart like this...
What a terrible death.
Cover it up.
My cousin is here.
The relations girl.
Public relations. the psychologist.
Yeah. the one with the gun.
Then. you're in good hands.
- This is Diana.
- Hello.
Thanks.
The custody papers are cleared. so...
- Have a good trip.
- Thanks.
Bye. Nerea.
Bye. Diana.
I'll miss you.
Bye. Diana!
Bye. Chin. say hello
to Hong Kong for me.
I'll wait for you. come and see me.
I promise.
We can give you a
lift if you want. Diana.
- No. thanks.
- Are you sure?
Yes. thank you.
- See you around.
- Bye.
Nerea. you are the
only friend I have left.